# Fake Store API E-commerce web app

This is a Junior Web Eng tech exercise: 
a TypeScript e-commerce web app that lists products and categories from
Fake Store API
with a product detail view, category filtering sync to the URL

## AI usage disclosure and how I work

This project was developed with the assistance of AI tools.
As a Junior dev, when it comes to developing, I like having Claude assist me as my senior. 
During my 6-month internship at Engineering, I discovered how valuable a senior mentor can be to a junior, and I wanted to replicate that experience with Claude: it’s not about replacing my own work, but about having a supporting sparring partner.

When my mentor at Engineering assigned me a task, we would almost always start with a requirements analysis. 
After drafting an initial document on my own, my senior mentor would review it and give me the green light to proceed. 
That is what I did with Claude, replicating that exact workflow:

1. I opened and read the PDF containing the guidelines/requirements.

2. I drafted a document outlining the key points.

3. I set up a project scaffold using React + Next.js (tech I usually work with).

4. I asked Claude to review my document and check if I had missed anything.

In hindsight, I should have swapped steps 3 and 4. 
After validating my checklist, Claude advised me to use Vite instead of Next.js. Since the app I'm building is almost entirely client-side, I would have ended up marking almost everything with "use client", and this would defeat the main purpose of Next.js (which is reducing client-side JS through Server Components—and) also risking hydration errors (where the server says one thing, the browser says another, and React gets confused) or suspense issues (where React is waiting for something that doesn't arrive properly).

Normally, being at such an early stage, I would have deleted everything and started fresh. However, I preferred to leave this 'mistake' visible to showcase how I handle these situations. Therefore, I removed the folders and files generated by create-next-app@latest (which also runs a git init, an initial commit and creates a .gitignore, which I kept and modified to fit the new project). Then I ran npm create vite@latest . 
